README.md, before:

# :tada::tada::smile: Hacking

Let's have a productive Hacktoberfest!!! Submit 5 PRs to this account after registering yourself [here](https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/).

# :construction_worker: About

My name is Sudarshan Kamath and I am hosting this repository for the month of October 2018. The idea is to create a website over the month, about Open-Source Programming. This site is open to all forms of suggestions. Happy contributing!

The project follows the following [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

If you want to see what the site looks like, you can do so through GitHub. All you need to do is click the HTML file you want to view, click the button Raw, and then change the URL. You need to remove ".githubusercontent" and replace it with just "git" so the link looks like this - https://rawgit.com

If you want to continue using the rawgit trick on another project, you might need to switch to just using githack. As with using gitraw, all you need to do is change "githubusercontent" for "githack" instead.  The link now looks like this - https://raw.githack.com/

Here is what our homepage looks like!
https://rawgit.com/sudz123/Happy_Hacking/master/src/home.html
https://raw.githack.com/sudz123/Happy_Hacking/master/src/home.html
(both show the same thing, one using rawgit and the other using githack)

# :bookmark: IMPORTANT :bookmark:

Since this repository is gaining some momentum, We expect good grammar in all PRs. We also expect proper comments in the code. The code could be trivial with a small change, that is totally fine.

**When making changes in the existing files, make sure you do not add more than one feature or change more than one component in a PR!**

Also, these file descriptions should be helpful:

- [_src_](./src): contains all the code.
- _.html_ files like these should not have CSS or JavaScript code inside them, ideally. If they do then remove it and add to respective folders.
- [_styles_](./src/style): Please put all the CSS files in this folder with proper nomenclature.
- [_Images_](./img): Please put all images within sub-folders of this folder, according to the page they are on.
- **THE MORE STRUCTURED YOUR CODE IS, THE EASIER IT IS FOR US TO REVIEW, THE HIGHER CHANCES THAT IT WILL BE MERGED**.

## :building_construction: How it works

:white_check_mark:
Check for open issues [here](https://github.com/search?q=label:hacktoberfest+state:open+type:issue)

:white_check_mark:
Fork the repo containing the issue you want to work on.

:white_check_mark:
Make some edits on your own copy that fixes the issues.

:white_check_mark:
Create a pull request that will be merged into the main repo.
(**Remember to indicate what issue you're fixing**)

:rotating_light:
**Don't forget to add your name to Contributors.md(AN EASY PR)**:rotating_light:

:white_check_mark:\_You can check your progress here after every merged PR* : https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/stats

:white_check_mark: Your code will be reviewed and approved.

:white_check_mark: If you have questions on any issue, kindly use the comment.

## :pencil2::pencil2:Important Links:pencil2::pencil2:

Here are some important links for learning the basics of web & further understanding of code. We hope this comforts you. Stay motivated!

1. [Learn HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/)
2. [Learn CSS](https://www.w3schools.com/Css/)
3. [Learn Javascript](https://www.w3schools.com/js/)
4. [Learn PHP](https://www.w3schools.com/php/)
5. [Learn Bootstrap](https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap/)
6. [Learn how to make pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/)
7. [Learn how to fork a repository](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/)

A few other tutorial links:

1. [Build a website](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_website.asp)
2. [Hosting the website](https://gist.github.com/TylerFisher/6127328)
3. [Point a Domain Name to Your Website](https://www.thesitewizard.com/domain/point-domain-name-website.shtml)

## Additional Resources

- [Running HTML pages](./src/README-HTML.md)
- [Styling with CSS](./src/style/README-CSS.md)
- [Functionality with JavaScript](./src/scripts/README-JS.md)
- [Functionality with php](./src/php/README.md)
- [CSS Tips and tricks](https://css-tricks.com)
- [Learn HTML and CSS](https://www.oreilly.com)
- [Design Patterns](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/design-patterns-for-humans)
- [Freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

## HALL OF FAME

We would like to heartily thank **[Sarah D. Perea](https://github.com/sarahperea)** for her contributions to this repository! She has helped in creating an amazing homepage and her contributions have helped us grow and spread the art of Open Sourcing. Happy Hacking ;)

Commit message:

Added Challenge section with description and link to Optimizer repo

README.md, after:

# :tada::tada::smile: Hacking

Let's have a productive Hacktoberfest!!! Submit 5 PRs to this account after registering yourself [here](https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/).

# :construction_worker: About

My name is Sudarshan Kamath and I am hosting this repository for the month of October 2018. The idea is to create a website over the month, about Open-Source Programming. This site is open to all forms of suggestions. Happy contributing!

The project follows the following [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

If you want to see what the site looks like, you can do so through GitHub. All you need to do is click the HTML file you want to view, click the button Raw, and then change the URL. You need to remove ".githubusercontent" and replace it with just "git" so the link looks like this - https://rawgit.com

If you want to continue using the rawgit trick on another project, you might need to switch to just using githack. As with using gitraw, all you need to do is change "githubusercontent" for "githack" instead.  The link now looks like this - https://raw.githack.com/

Here is what our homepage looks like!
https://rawgit.com/sudz123/Happy_Hacking/master/src/home.html
https://raw.githack.com/sudz123/Happy_Hacking/master/src/home.html
(both show the same thing, one using rawgit and the other using githack)

# :muscle: Challenge :muscle:

Looking for something a bit more challenging? Check out the [Optimizer](https://github.com/sudz123/Optimizer) repository for advanced projects to test your skills. 

# :bookmark: IMPORTANT :bookmark:

Since this repository is gaining some momentum, We expect good grammar in all PRs. We also expect proper comments in the code. The code could be trivial with a small change, that is totally fine.

**When making changes in the existing files, make sure you do not add more than one feature or change more than one component in a PR!**

Also, these file descriptions should be helpful:

- [_src_](./src): contains all the code.
- _.html_ files like these should not have CSS or JavaScript code inside them, ideally. If they do then remove it and add to respective folders.
- [_styles_](./src/style): Please put all the CSS files in this folder with proper nomenclature.
- [_Images_](./img): Please put all images within sub-folders of this folder, according to the page they are on.
- **THE MORE STRUCTURED YOUR CODE IS, THE EASIER IT IS FOR US TO REVIEW, THE HIGHER CHANCES THAT IT WILL BE MERGED**.

## :building_construction: How it works

:white_check_mark:
Check for open issues [here](https://github.com/search?q=label:hacktoberfest+state:open+type:issue)

:white_check_mark:
Fork the repo containing the issue you want to work on.

:white_check_mark:
Make some edits on your own copy that fixes the issues.

:white_check_mark:
Create a pull request that will be merged into the main repo.
(**Remember to indicate what issue you're fixing**)

:rotating_light:
**Don't forget to add your name to Contributors.md(AN EASY PR)**:rotating_light:

:white_check_mark:\_You can check your progress here after every merged PR* : https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/stats

:white_check_mark: Your code will be reviewed and approved.

:white_check_mark: If you have questions on any issue, kindly use the comment.

## :pencil2::pencil2:Important Links:pencil2::pencil2:

Here are some important links for learning the basics of web & further understanding of code. We hope this comforts you. Stay motivated!

1. [Learn HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/)
2. [Learn CSS](https://www.w3schools.com/Css/)
3. [Learn Javascript](https://www.w3schools.com/js/)
4. [Learn PHP](https://www.w3schools.com/php/)
5. [Learn Bootstrap](https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap/)
6. [Learn how to make pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/)
7. [Learn how to fork a repository](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/)

A few other tutorial links:

1. [Build a website](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_website.asp)
2. [Hosting the website](https://gist.github.com/TylerFisher/6127328)
3. [Point a Domain Name to Your Website](https://www.thesitewizard.com/domain/point-domain-name-website.shtml)

## Additional Resources

- [Running HTML pages](./src/README-HTML.md)
- [Styling with CSS](./src/style/README-CSS.md)
- [Functionality with JavaScript](./src/scripts/README-JS.md)
- [Functionality with php](./src/php/README.md)
- [CSS Tips and tricks](https://css-tricks.com)
- [Learn HTML and CSS](https://www.oreilly.com)
- [Design Patterns](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/design-patterns-for-humans)
- [Freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

## HALL OF FAME

We would like to heartily thank **[Sarah D. Perea](https://github.com/sarahperea)** for her contributions to this repository! She has helped in creating an amazing homepage and her contributions have helped us grow and spread the art of Open Sourcing. Happy Hacking ;)
